Firstly, I know I am submitting this late, and I apologize for that. I 
have been dealing with some family events that have made it difficult to 
sit down and work on school.

For this assignment we were tasked with completing two main tasks. The 
first task was comprised of creating a 'Snake' like game using HTML, 
CSS, and JS. While this task definitely took the most amount of my time 
when completing this assignment, I actually enjoyed it. I began by 
looking at tutorials for similar problems to get an understanding of how 
HTML 5's canvas is used, and how to print my snake in the way that it 
looks similar to the original 'Snake' game. From there, I began worked 
without any form of tutorial and enjoyed coming up with intuitive 
solutions to handling the constraints for the game. Additionally, I 
learned about using CSS externally as that is something that I had not 
done yet, and learned about CSS / JS classes. There is nothing special 
needed to run this program / game, simply open up my 'snake.html' file 
in whatever browser you choose and go from there. The only functionality 
that I added that was not required was the 'Start / Stop' button 
changing to a functioning 'Restart' button once the game was over, as 
well as changing the 'Start' button to 'Resume' when paused.

The second task consisted of making a CLI program in Node.js in which 
the user would be prompted to enter four integers, and then the results 
of specific operations on these integers would be printed to the 
console. These operations consisted of:

	- Calculating the first integer's factorial.
	- Calculating the sum of the second integer's digits.
	- Calculating the reversed number of the third integer.
	- Calculating whether or not the fourth integer is a Palindrome.

Additionally, there is nothing complicated about running this NodeJS 
program. Simply open this directory in your terminal, and enter 'node 
hw3.js'.

Personally, I felt like the second task was far simpler than the first 
one, but I am not complaining.
